Please add your example functional requirements below in the following format

Requirement_ID:FR001
Requirement Title: Paying with a credit card
Requirement Description: The new system will allow the user to pay with a credit card.  An external banking plugin will be used to process the payment.
Initials: KF

Requirement_ID:FR002
Requirement Title: Check availability
Requirement Description: The system should check new appointments against currently made ones before creating a new booking.
Initials: DK


Requirement_ID:FR003
Requirement Title: Check access
Requirement Description: When using the username and password log on the system should idenitfy the level of user and then provide the correct features dependant on the level of user. 
Initials: DK


Requirement_ID:FR004
Requirement Title: Costs of appointments/cancellations
Requirement Description: The system should correctly work out the cost calculations with appointments carried out, appointments missed and cancellations, then display the data for the practice manager.
Initials: DK

Requirement ID: FR005
Requirement Title: Checking patients’ details
Requirement Description: The system should check patients’ personal details to see if they are all correct. 
Initials: AL

Requirement ID: FR006
Requirement Title: New Patients 
Requirement Description: The system should allow the user to add a new patient’s name, address and any medical details to the system. 
Initials: AL

Requirement ID: FR007
Requirement Title: Update medical records for patients
Requirement Description: The system should allow the user to update all patients’ medical records. 
Initials: AL

Requirement ID: FR008
Requirement Title: Run a 'doctor cost' report
Requirement Description: The Practice Manager should be able to run a report of all doctor costs. 
Initials: DB


Requirement ID: FR009
Requirement Title: Run an 'doctor appointments' report
Requirement Description: The Practice Manager should be able to run a report showing all booked appointments for a particular doctor. 
Initials: DB

Requirement ID: FR010
Requirement Title: Run a 'all doctor appointments' report
Requirement Description: The Practice Manager should be able to run a report of all doctors appointments. 
Initials: DB

Requirement ID: FR011
Requirement Title: Calculate Total Costs
Requirement Description: The system should add and deduct costs accordingly to work out total costs for appointments and medication.  
Initials: AL


