Please add your non-functional requirements in the following style

Requirement ID: NFR001
Requirement Title: Response Time
Requirement Description: The system will respond within 0.5 seconds to the user.
Initials: KF

Requirement ID: NFR002
Requirement Title: View Patient Details
Requirement Description: When viewing the patients details, all certain fields should display: Name(s), D.O.B, Address, etc.
Initials: DK

Requirement ID: NFR003
Requirement Title: Ease of Use
Requirement Description: The system should be easy and intuitive to use for all types of users and should only display the relevant information for the specific user.
Initials: DK

Requirement ID: NFR004
Requirement Title: Log-On Types
Requirement Description: The system should allow for three log-on types; Practice Manager, Doctor and Receptionist.
Initials: DK

Requirement ID: NFR005
Requirement Title: Login Attempts 
Requirement Description: The system should allow the user three attempts to login after which there is a cool down period.   
Initials: AL

Requirement ID: NFR006
Requirement Title: Accessibility of Information  
Requirement Description: The system should present patient details clearly on screen. 
Initials: AL

Requirement ID: NFR007
Requirement Title: Calculate Total Costs
Requirement Description: The system should add and deduct costs accordingly to work out total costs for appointments and medication.  
Initials: AL

Requirement ID: NFR008
Requirement Title: Main Menu
Requirement Description: The system should have a generic main menu that all users are directed to after login.  
Initials: DB

Requirement ID: NFR009
Requirement Title: Sub Menus
Requirement Description: The system should have three sub menus 'Patients', 'Appointments' and 'Doctors'. 
                          All users can access the sub menus and will see different things depending on access level. 
Initials: DB

Requirement ID: NFR010
Requirement Title: Consistant Layout
Requirement Description: The system's layout i.e. a control's shape, size, colour and position should be consistant throughout the application.   
Initials: DB
